the stereotypes I've heard kind of like
the fighting the rowdiness in the
athletics and so that's a positive
stereotype but still very general
through the news we are portrayed as a
school that is violent those people it
has you know been a lot about was good
that we're violent um we know we're in
the news a lot we're only in the news
for negative things you go to the doctor
the doctor asks you where you work I
teach at Woodland Hills oh are you okay
or I'm sorry I say sometimes did I teach
a woodland hills they kind of feel that
it's a rougher rough and tough high
school I think the reputation of
woodland hills is probably the same as
mckeesport like they just think that
does probably get in by perception now
is I think we get a bad rap I really do
I think it's because of how the media
portrays us we're really not as bad as
as everybody thinks we are there's all
kinds of stereotypes did that's that
what they do of us what they don't
understand is how wonderful the
education is and how funny and wonderful
orchids are you justice I just think
that you hear a lot when it happens in
were males this thought is one of the
schools that
just on report having set my own
children through here oh we hear it all
and i'll tell you where my daughter her
at the worse when she went to college
her roommate call and like my roommate
when I and when I went to college my
roommate heard I was for Marcus Bergen
she Sharon got the same call but I did
are you are you for you from where yeah
and after about 10 min she said are you
mind why did you start we love the role
night um I just I mean I have myself
have a passion for like different
cultures so last year I just kind of
thought of the idea i know i'm at oldham
hills as a diverse school if we could
just have a night to celebrate that yeah
when people ask me well as racing it an
issue at your school it really isn't
these our students have grown up
together and they're willing to work
together we're diverse in our
experiences and diverse in our
relationships but together we make a
stronger hold they might fight in the
beginning but they're going to start to
see that they're like the same people
and actually come together as one and
maybe stop the violence considering that
our school district doesn't get that
great
publicity